[OLIVER]: PREVIOUSLY, ON
SIGNED, SEALED, DELIVERED--
WHEN YOU KNOW
HOW STRONG YOU ARE,
YOU STOP WORRYING ABOUT
ALL THE THINGS
THAT YOU CAN'T DO,
AND YOU START DREAMING  OF
ALL THE THINGS THAT YOU CAN DO.
[CHEERING]
WE NEVER DID GET TO
HAVE OUR DANCE, DID WE?
[SHANE]: NO.
DO YOU THINK WE COULD
REMEMBER THE STEPS?
WE COULD
GIVE IT A TRY.
♪ YOU'LL MISS THE DEAREST PAL
YOU'LL EVER, EVER HAVE ♪
♪ AFTER YOU'VE GONE
♪ AFTER YOU'VE GONE AWAY
[♪]
[TREVOR, IN THE BOOTH]:
AND WE'RE OUT.
WOW.
YOU LIKED THAT?
HOW DO I SAY THIS?
UM... WOW.
[CHUCKLES]
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
BILLY.
YOU WRITE YOUR OWN STUFF,
TOO, I BET.
YEAH... A FEW.
WELL, LET ME
HEAR SOMETHING.
-REALLY?
-YEAH!
COME ON.
OKAY.
THE ONLY THING OPEN
WAS SZECHUAN PAVILION.
AGAIN.
SO WHO IS THAT,
ANYWAY?
LYNDA HAWKINS.
LYNDA HAWKINS?
DIDN'T SHE OPEN
AT MILE HIGH STADIUM TONIGHT?
YEAH, SHE DID.
THEN SHE AND HER WHOLE BAND
WALKED IN
AND SAID THEY WANTED TO JAM.
[BILLY]: MY DAD GOT IT
WHEN HE WAS MY AGE,
BUT HE DECIDED
THE MUSIC BUSINESS
WASN'T FOR HIM,
SO HE GAVE IT TO ME,
AND TAUGHT ME
HOW TO PLAY.
I CALL HER "DAISY."
WOW. SHE'S A CLASSIC.
MY DADDY GAVE ME
MY FIRST GUITAR, TOO.
WHEN I PLAY...
I KNOW WHO I AM.
WELL, PLAY ME SOMETHING.
OKAY.
LYNDA HAWKINS...
[CHUCKLES]
BILLY MUST BE
FREAKIN' OUT.
[♪]
I'LL BE LABELING TRACKS
IN STUDIO "A".
[♪]
[OTHER PLAYERS JOIN IN]
♪ TELL ME THERE'S A REASON
♪ LIFE CAN BE SO HARD
♪ MAYBE THERE'S A "WHY"
FOR ALL THE SORROW ♪
GOOD TRACK, BUDDY.
WELL DONE.
-THANKS, TREVOR.
-YEAH.
SOUNDS LIKE
YOU GUYS HAD A FUN NIGHT.
YEAH.
WE LOVE TO DO DROP-INS
WHEN WE'RE IN A NEW TOWN.
OKAY, SO I'VE ADDRESSED
THIS AND SHE'S--
I'M SORRY.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
JENNIFER.
JENNY IS STAMPING IT,
AND ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS WRITE A LETTER TO MY AGENT,
MAIL IT, AND IT'LL GET
BACK TO L.A. BEFORE I WILL.
WOW. I CAN'T
BELIEVE THIS.
IT'S A GREAT SONG,
BILLY. TRUST ME.
I KNOW A GOOD ONE
WHEN I HEAR IT.
AND SO WILL R.J.
AND IT'S GONNA
CHANGE YOUR LIFE.
♪ SEND ME LOVE EVERY DAY
♪ AND SEND ME ON MY WAY
♪ DELIVER ME
JUST DELIVER ME ♪
[OLIVER]:
IT'S A ONE-TIME EVENT
AND I'VE HEARD
HE'S AN EXCELLENT SPEAKER.
AND SO, I TOOK THE LIBERTY
OF RESERVING FOUR SEATS FOR US.
IT WILL CERTAINLY
BE EDUCATIONAL,
AND I BELIEVE
A GREAT DEAL OF FUN.
THAT NOT ONLY
DOESN'T SOUND LIKE FUN--
ATTENDING A WEEKEND SEMINAR
ON MAIL
IS THE, TSK, OPPOSITE
OF "FUN."
I IMAGINE WE HAVE
DIFFERING NOTIONS
ON WHAT CONSTITUTES FUN,
MS. McINERNEY.
I HAVE NO DOUBT THAT WE DO,
MR. O'TOOLE.
FOR EXAMPLE,
I THOUGHT
THAT THE DANCE CLASSES WE TOOK
WERE FUN.
-YOU DID?
-I DID.
AND I WAS DISAPPOINTED
WHEN YOU FELT IT NECESSARY
TO END THEM.
YOU WERE?
I WAS.
THAT WAS NOT FUN.
BUT DISAPPOINTMENT
IS A FACT OF LIFE, I SUPPOSE.
"FUN," ON THE OTHER HAND,
IS NOT A FACT OF LIFE,
IT IS SOMETHING
THAT YOU PURSUE,
SOMETHING THAT YOU CREATE,
NOT SOMETHING
THAT YOU SPEND
A PERFECTLY GOOD
SATURDAY AFTERNOON ON,
LISTENING TO SOME BIGWIG
DRONE ON ABOUT
THE FUTURE OF HOME DELIVERY.
YOU KNOW, YOU COULD'VE JUST
SAID YOU WERE BUSY.
BUT THEN WHAT
WOULD YOU HAVE LEARNED?
NOW... WHAT IS ALL THIS?
WE'RE TRYING TO
CLEAN OUT THE BOX.
WELL, IF YOU WANTED TO HAVE
A GARAGE SALE,
YOU SHOULD'VE PICKED
A DIFFERENT GARAGE.
THIS IS THE "SMALL
UNATTACHED ITEMS" BIN--
THINGS THAT HAVE
BEEN REMOVED
FROM PUBLIC MAILBOXES,
THAT HAVE FALLEN OUT
OF UNSEALED
OR POORLY-WRAPPED
PACKAGES.
THERE'S NOTHING TO CONNECT
THEM TO AN ADDRESS,
SO THEY EXIST IN
THIS ODD STATE OF...
MELANCHOLIC
UNBELONGING.
[RITA]:
IT'S A SAD WAY
OF SAYING
THEY'RE LOST.
IT'S STRANGE WAY OF
CALLING IT "JUNK."
OH, REGULATION 775Q
REQUIRES THE DISPOSAL
OF ALL NON-VALUABLE,
UNATTACHED OBJECTS.
THAT WOULD BE "JUNK".
POSTAL REGULATIONS
FAILED TO ATTACH A DEADLINE
TO THE DISPOSAL OF SUCH OBJECTS,
THEREBY ALLOWING US
A LITTLE EXTRA TIME TO SPEND
WITH EACH OF THEM.
WHY WOULD YOU
WANT TO SPEND
AN EXTRA MINUTE
ON ANY OF THIS STUFF?
I USED TO ASK
THAT QUESTION,
BUT THEN WE FOUND
AN OLD COMB,
AND I WANTED
TO THROW IT AWAY,
BUT OLIVER FIGURED OUT
THAT IT BELONGED TO A MAN
WHO HAD GONE BALD,
AND IT WAS HIS LAST
MEMORY OF HIS HAIR.
A SENTIMENTAL COMB?
HE WAS
A VERY SWEET MAN.
[OLIVER EXHALES
IN ANTICIPATION]
SHALL WE? HMM?
-AHEM.
-[SHANE SIGHS]
HOW ARE WE GONNA
DELIVER THAT?
WELL...
WE START WITH THE WORDS
WRITTEN ON IT--
"R.J., PLAY THIS NOW!
"IT'S A HIT.
THIS GUY'S A STAR.
TRUST ME. L.H."
NOT MUCH TO GO ON.
WELL, NOT ON
THE OUTSIDE, NO.
[CLICK, WHOOSH]
[♪]
[BILLY]:
♪ TELL ME THERE'S A REASON
♪ LIFE CAN BE SO HARD
♪ MAYBE THERE'S A "WHY"
FOR ALL THE SORROW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES
I CAN LEAVE BEHIND ♪
♪ THE DAYS
THAT BROKE MY SPIRIT ♪
♪ WHEN I TELL MYSELF
♪ YOU'RE WAITING THERE
TOMORROW ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW
DON'T YOU KNOW ♪
♪ I WAKE UP EVERY MORNING
♪ BECAUSE
YOU BELIEVE IN ME ♪
[CLICKS STEREO OFF]
HEY, WE WERE
LISTENING TO THAT.
MS. McINERNEY, THE SAME RULES
APPLY TO A RECORDING
AS THEY WOULD TO A LETTER--
WE ONLY READ, OR LISTEN,
AS FAR AS NECESSARY.
OH, AND YOU HEARD
ENOUGH TO CRACK THE CASE,
THEN, DETECTIVE?
ENOUGH TO KNOW
WHERE TO START.
NORMAN? WHAT ARE
YOUR THOUGHTS?
WELL, IT SOUNDS LIKE
AN AUDITION RECORDING,
PROFESSIONALLY RECORDED,
BUT NOT EXTENSIVELY PRODUCED.
I DIDN'T RECOGNIZE THE SINGER,
NOR THE SONG.
AT LEAST
THERE'S ONE THING
WE KNOW
FOR SURE, RIGHT?
YES. YES.
THAT'S FOR SURE.
THE SONGWRITER
WAS IN LOVE.
LOVE?
[RITA]: OH, YES.
DEEP... DEEP...
UNSPOKEN, UNREQUITED,
"I CAN'T TELL YOU
TO YOUR FACE,
"SO I HOPE, ONE DAY,
AFTER LISTENING TO THIS SONG,
YOU JUST FIGURE IT OUT!"
KIND OF LOVE.
[SHANE BLURTS OUT]: YES!
[CASUALLY]: I WAS GONNA SAY
SOMETHING LIKE THAT.
EVEN IF THAT'S TRUE,
IT HARDLY HELPS US.
SOMEBODY OUT THERE
NEEDS TO HEAR THIS SONG.
BESIDES R.J.
WE HAVE NO INTENTION OF
GIVING UP, MS. McINERNEY.
DO WE, NORMAN?
OH, NO.
NORMAN...
I THINK IT'S TIME
MS. McINERNEY MET SERGE?
[RITA GASPS]
SERGE?
"SERGE?"
HE'S OUR
SECRET WEAPON.
[RITA]:
HE'S THE "PAWNSHOP KING."
I'LL LEAVE THIS
TO YOU.
I'M OFF TO
A DEPARTMENTAL MEETING.
OOH.
HAVE FUN!
[CHAINSAW ROARS]
SO SERGE IS YOUR FRIEND?
MY COUSIN.
-[REVS SAW]
-SERGE?
[♪]
SERGE SAYS 50.
TAKE IT OR LEAVE IT.
SO, SERGE, UH,
WHAT DO YA THINK?
HUH!
WELL, UH, SERGE SAYS
THAT EVERY RECORDING STUDIO
HAS ITS OWN
UNIQUE ACOUSTIC SIGNATURE,
AND WE COULD TAKE IT
TO AN ACOUSTIC ENGINEER
FOR SOUND-PRINTING.
WELL, THERE'S
A GOOD USE OF OUR TIME.
ANY CHANCE SERGE COULD
HELP US WITH THE ARTIST?
[♪]
SERGE DOESN'T
RECOGNIZE THE SINGER,
BUT THE VOICE SINGING BACK-UP
BELONGS TO THE LEAD SINGER
OF A PRETTY FAMOUS BAND.
HER NAME IS LYNDA HAWKINS.
LYNDA HAWKINS?
THANK YOU, SERGE.
I, UH...
RECENTLY HAD
MY APARTMENT FUMIGATED.
I THINK HE LIKES YOU.
[FORCED CHUCKLE]
[CAMERA SHUTTER SNAPPING]
UM...
[♪]
[CHUCKLING]
TERRIFIC.
THERE. HOLD IT.
YES! FABULOUS!
OKAY, NOW LET'S GET YOU
BY THE PNEUMATIC TUBE.
OKAY, GREAT.
OH! [LAUGHS]
OH, GEEZ!
YOU KNOW, IT'S JUST
A LITTLE WEIRD
TO BE DOING THIS
WITHOUT MY SECTION LEADER.
HE NEVER SAID
THAT YOU WERE COMING.
OH, WELL, I GET
THESE BRAINSTORMS
AND JUST
GO WITH THE FLOW.
SOMETIMES, IT FLOWS
BEFORE ANYONE ELSE KNOWS.
DID YOU DO THAT
ON PURPOSE?
-WHAT?
-THE RHYMING PART.
OH! HUH! [LAUGHING]
SO DID YOU HAVE
MUCH COMPETITION
FOR THE MISS SPECIAL
DELIVERY CONTEST?
WELL, IT WASN'T A TON,
BUT I STILL
CAN'T BELIEVE I WON.
OH, MY GOSH.
I'M DOING IT, TOO.
-[BOTH LAUGHING]
-WOW!
I REALLY DIDN'T THINK
I HAD MUCH OF A CHANCE,
BUT I GOT A LOT OF COACHING
FROM-FROM SHANE.
SHE'S THE NEW TECH LADY
FROM...
-FROM WASHINGTON?
-YEAH!
-SHANE McINERNEY?
-YES!
[GASPING]
BECKY!
-"SHANEY"!
-[BOTH SQUEALING]: OH!
BECKY!
I CAN'T BELIEVE IT!
I DON'T BELIEVE IT!
-OH! LOOK AT YOU!
-OH, YOU LOOK SO BEAUTIFUL!
SO DO YOU!
-COLORADO'S DONE YOU WONDERS!
OH! WHAT ARE YOU D--
I'M GONNA BE HERE
FOR A FEW WEEKS!
[EXCITED BABBLING CONTINUES]
"SHANEY"?
SHE'S FROM THE U.S.P.S.
IN WASHINGTON, D.C.
I DIDN'T KNOW
SHANE HAD FRIENDS.
OH, YES, SHE'S
VERY SOPHISTICATED.
[EXCITED SQUEALING]
OH! HOW LONG
HAS IT BEEN?
TOO LONG.
[BOTH CHUCKLING
AND SIGHING]
WHAT'S SHE DOING HERE?
SHE'S, UM-- HEH!
SHE'S TAKING MY PICTURE
FOR "MAIL MONTHLY" MAGAZINE.
I WISH I KNEW. I WOULD'VE
DRESSED UP A LITTLE MORE.
OH, DON'T WORRY ABOUT IT.
I THINK YOU LOOK--
UM, I HAVE SOMETHING
TO LOOK AT.
OKAY.
[REBECCA]:
WHAT IS THIS?
[SHANE]:
NORMAN MADE IT FOR ME,
SO I CAN ROLL IT
AROUND THE PLACE.
KINDA STEAMPUNK-ON-WHEELS.
[LAUGHS] VERY
IMPRESSIVE, NORMAN!
UH, THANK YOU... MA'AM.
"MA'AM." OOH!
NOW I'M A "MA'AM".
SO WHEN
DID THIS HAPPEN?
ABOUT A MONTH
AFTER YOU LEFT.
THEY CALLED ME IN,
GAVE ME A NEW TITLE,
AND ALL SORTS OF POWER.
OH. WHAT WERE THEY THINKING?
I FLY AROUND, DOING WHATEVER
I THINK WILL IMPROVE--
UH, HOW DID THEY PUT IT?
"AWARENESS, GOODWILL,
AND INCREASED RELIANCE ON
THE WORK OF THE POST OFFICE."
I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU'D GET YOUR DREAM JOB.
AND YOU... WAIT.
I THOUGHT YOU WERE TRANSFERRED
TO DIRECT LINE OPERATIONS?
IT'S A LONG STORY.
WHICH IS WHY THEY INVENTED
LUNCH, SHANEY. HOW'S 11:30?
PERFECT! OH!
I CAN'T WAIT
TO HEAR EVERYTHING
ABOUT D.C.!
AND EVERYBODY?
[SHANE]: UM... AHEM.
I'LL WALK YOU OUT.
OKAY.
THANK YOU.
[SIGHS]
I COULD NEVER
CALL HER "SHANEY."
CALL YOU "NORM."
I COULD NEVER
CALL YOU "REETS."
I WOULDN'T MIND.
HMM?
SO...
THAT WAS MY BEST FRIEND
FROM WHEN I WORKED IN D.C.
SHE'S LIKE A BIG SISTER.
SHE KNEW YOU
REALLY WELL.
OH, YEAH. WE HAVE BEEN THROUGH
THE POSTAL WARS TOGETHER.
WHERE'S OLIVER?
I WANTED TO INTRODUCE HIM.
OH, WELL, HE CAME IN AFTER
THE DEPARTMENT MEETING,
BUT THEN HE LEFT.
HE SAID HE NEEDED
TIME TO THINK.
YIKES.
THAT CAN'T BE GOOD.
ALRIGHT, WELL,
LET'S, UH, PRESS ON
WITH "L.H.,"
WHO MUST BE...
LYNDA HAWKINS.
[♪]
YEAH, I REMEMBER THAT GUY.
REAL SWEETIE.
MAN, WAS HE TALENTED!
HE WAS SUPPOSED TO SEND
THAT SONG TO MY AGENT,
BUT GUESS IT GOT LOST
IN THE MAIL.
YES, WELL, WE'RE TRYING TO
RETURN IT TO HIM.
WE JUST NEED HIS NAME.
OH, WOW.
IT WAS
ABOUT A YEAR AGO.
I ONLY MET HIM
JUST THE ONCE.
BUT THE RECORDING STUDIO
WAS JUST A FEW BLOCKS
AWAY FROM
THE MILE HIGH STADIUM.
WHAT WAS IT?
"DEEP" SOMETHING...
"DEEP ROCK SOUND!"
GREAT.
SO, WE'LL MEET YOU
AT THE NEW
CENTURY, RIGHT?
WE BOUGHT OUT
THE WHOLE SIXTH FLOOR.
YEAH, IF YOU FIND HIM,
TELL HIM THAT SONG
COULD STILL BE A BIG HIT.
NICE RIDE.
AND ASK HIM
WHAT HAPPENED.
[SHANE]:
WELL, WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
[LYNDA]: WELL, HE WAS
SUPPOSED TO COME
TO A PARTY WITH US
THAT NIGHT,
AND HE NEVER SHOWED.
PROBABLY HAD A GIRLFRIEND
WHO DIDN'T WANT HIM
PARTYING WITH US.
WHAT MAKES YOU SAY THAT?
NOBODY WRITES A SONG LIKE THAT
ABOUT NOBODY.
OKAY. YOU GUYS CAN
HANDLE THIS, RIGHT?
DEEP ROCK SOUND.
HERE IS THE ADDRESS.
HERE'S A LIST OF QUESTIONS
YOU'D PROBABLY ASK ANYWAY.
UM, I-I WOULDN'T ASK THIS.
THIS IS ABOUT GIRLFRIENDS.
I KNOW THAT, NORMAN.
THAT'S WHY RITA
IS GOING WITH YOU.
I'M OFF TO LUNCH.
[♪]
I HEARD YOU WERE
LOOKING FOR THE MANAGER?
I'M JENNIFER BECKER.
AH. MS. BECKER,
WE'RE FROM
THE UNITED STATES, UH...
POSTAL SERVICE.
[AWKWARD CHUCKLE]
AND WE THINK THAT
THIS UNATTACHED ITEM MIGHT
HAVE A CONNECTION
TO YOUR STUDIO.
WHERE DID YOU GET THAT?
UH, IT PROBABLY FELL
OUT OF AN ENVELOPE
THAT WAS IMPROPERLY SEALED.
NO.
NO, THAT COULDN'T
HAVE HAPPENED.
THAT THING MEANT
EVERYTHING TO BILLY.
HE WOULD HAVE SEALED IT,
FOR SURE.
BILLY?
YEAH, HE WORKED HERE PART-TIME
FOR US, FOR A WHILE.
THIS WAS HIS SONG
ON THE CD.
I PUT THE STAMPS
ON THE ENVELOPE MYSELF,
AND HE WAS GONNA MAIL IT.
BUT IT NEVER GOT
TO WHERE IT WAS SUPPOSED TO GO?
NO.
COULD YOU TELL US
BILLY'S FULL NAME
AND HIS LAST KNOWN ADDRESS?
HE SAID THAT HIS LAST NAME
HAD TOO MANY SYLLABLES
TO SOUND LIKE
A SUCCESSFUL SONGWRITER,
SO HE USED HIS MIDDLE NAME
AND HE CALLED HIMSELF
"BILLY JAMES,"
AND HE WORKED HERE
IN EXCHANGE FOR STUDIO TIME.
WE NEVER NEEDED AN ADDRESS
TO SEND HIM A PAYCHECK.
MAKING IT MUCH HARDER
FOR US TO FIND HIM.
WELL...
WHEN THE GOING GETS HARDER...
SQUEEZE THE LEMONS
INTO JUICE.
I'M SORRY.
IT'S JUST THE NIGHT
THAT BILLY WAS GONNA MAIL THIS,
HE WALKED OUT THE DOOR
AND NEVER CAME BACK.
WELL, HE DID FOR A SECOND.
[♪]
CAN YOU BELIEVE
THAT JUST HAPPENED?
LYNDA HAWKINS
WAS MY BACK-UP SINGER!
THIS HAS BEEN
A PRETTY AMAZING NIGHT.
YEAH! WELL, I FORGOT
TO PUT DAISY AWAY.
OH. UM, I ALREADY DID THAT.
OH. THANKS.
SORRY IT GOT
SO CRAZY TONIGHT.
HEY, WELCOME
TO THE MUSIC BUSINESS.
YEAH. I'D ALMOST GIVEN UP,
AND THEN LYNDA WALKS IN...
YEAH. THAT'S
HOW IT HAPPENS.
YOU NEVER KNOW WHEN
YOU'RE GONNA GET YOUR BREAK,
BUT IF YOU'RE GOOD,
AND YOU HANG IN THERE,
THEN IT CAN HAPPEN.
AND THEN YOU'VE GOTTA
TAKE IT, AND...
YOU KNOW, YOU'VE GOTTA
SEND THAT ENVELOPE,
YOU'VE GOTTA
GO TO THE PARTY,
SCHMOOZE THE RIGHT PEOPLE...
DO YOU THINK
I'M GOOD ENOUGH?
I DO.
I'VE LOVED EVERY SONG
THAT YOU'VE WRITTEN.
SO WHICH ONE DID YOU
RECORD WITH HER?
OH, A NEW ONE.
YOU HAVEN'T HEARD IT YET.
I'D PLAY IT FOR YOU...
-BUT NOW IS NOT--
-I GET IT.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU'D BETTER
GO TO YOUR PARTY.
I BET THEY'RE SERVING
BETTER FOOD
THAN COLD NOODLES
FROM SZECHUAN PAVILION.
OKAY.
WELL, I WILL SEE YOU TOMORROW.
IT'S ALREADY TOMORROW.
YES, IT IS.
[♪]
THAT WAS THE LAST TIME
YOU SAW HIM?
MARCH 16th.
HE LEFT, AND WE NEVER
HEARD FROM HIM AGAIN,
AND THERE WAS NO WAY
TO TRACK HIM DOWN.
WE HAVE OUR WAYS.
SO, NO ADDRESS, THEN?
STARVING MUSICIANS
SPEND A LOT OF TIME
ON THEIR FRIENDS' COUCHES.
HE TALKED ABOUT STAYING
WITH HIS SISTER SOMETIMES,
BUT HER NEIGHBOURS COMPLAINED
ABOUT HIS MOTORCYCLE
BEING TOO LOUD.
I... I NEVER KNEW HER NAME.
WHAT KIND OF
MOTORCYCLE WAS IT?
IT WAS AN OLDER BIKE.
HE SAID IT WAS
THE ONLY THING HE OWNED
THAT WAS WORTH ANYTHING
'CAUSE IT WAS VINTAGE.
HE LOVED THAT THING.
THAT...
AND THIS.
WOW.
A '52 GIBSON J45.
THAT WAS HIS?
HE NAMED IT "DAISY."
PRACTICALLY
NEVER PUT IT DOWN.
FOR SOME REASON, HE DECIDED
HE COULD LIVE WITHOUT IT.
I GUESS THAT PARTY
WITH LYNDA NEVER ENDED.
OH, BUT, UM,
LYNDA HAWKINS TOLD US
THAT BILLY NEVER
MADE IT TO THE PARTY.
[♪]
WHEN THEY SAID
I WAS GOING TO DENVER,
I WAS HOPING
I'D BE LUCKY ENOUGH
TO RUN INTO YOU.
BUT THE DEAD
LETTER OFFICE?
OH... I KNOW.
I KNOW. IT'S CRAZY.
BUT, UM...
IT WAS A TOTAL ACCIDENT,
AND, UM, IT'S ACTUALLY...
IT'S ACTUALLY OKAY.
-REALLY?
-MM-HMM.
THAT RITA AND THAT...
FUNNY NORMAN GUY?
I MEAN, THEY'RE, LIKE,
FROM ANOTHER DIMENSION.
STOP. [LAUGHS]
WAIT TILL I TELL YOU
ABOUT OLIVER.
MM-HMM.
[♪]
[PUFFS]
IT'S CLEAN.
I TOLD YOU
I KEEP IT POLISHED.
NORMAN'S VERY THOROUGH.
DIDN'T YOU THINK
IT WAS WEIRD THAT A MUSICIAN
WOULD LEAVE HIS GUITAR HERE
AND THEN NEVER COME BACK?
STUFF GETS LEFT HERE
ALL THE TIME.
SO YOU NEVER WENT
LOOKING FOR HIM?
NO.
I JUST FIGURED
BILLY WAS ANOTHER MUSICIAN
WHO CAME AND WENT,
LIKE ALL THE REST OF THEM.
THAT'S SO SAD.
IMAGINE WAITING ALL THAT TIME
TO HEAR BACK
AND THINKING
HIS MUSIC WAS REJECTED.
IT'S HARD TO GUESS
WHAT BILLY'S THINKING.
OR IF HE'S EVEN THINKING
ABOUT THIS AT ALL.
UM... HEY, CAN YOU
PROVIDE THE NAMES
OF ANYONE ELSE
WHO WORKED WITH BILLY?
UM...
CO-WORKERS--
THAT WOULD BE YOU--
MUSICIANS
HE WORKED FOR,
CONTACTS FROM, UH,
OLD SESSION LOGS,
ET CET-- ET CETERA.
BOY...
YOU GUYS SURE
TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY.
IT-- IT'S JUST A CD.
I MEAN, HE'S PROBABLY
RECORDED IT AGAIN SOMEWHERE.
WELL, WE TAKE OUR JOB
VERY SERIOUSLY BECAUSE...
IT'S A SERIOUS JOB,
AND IT'S OURS.
CAN I ANSWER
ANY MORE QUESTIONS?
LET ME CHECK.
OH.
OH...
DID HE HAVE
A GIRLFRIEND?
NO.
NOT THAT HE MENTIONED.
OH, THAT'S TOO BAD.
WE WERE HOPING THAT
HE WROTE THE SONG
FOR SOMEONE
HE FELL IN LOVE WITH.
I'VE NEVER HEARD THAT SONG.
COULD I LISTEN TO IT?
I'M SORRY. WE CAN'T.
WELL, COULD YOU TELL ME--
WAS IT...
BEAUTIFUL?
MM, I'M NOT SURE.
IT WAS SO BEAUTIFUL.
WHOEVER HE WROTE IT FOR,
HE LOVED HER VERY MUCH.
[♪]
AND HE'S VERY SMART,
OBVIOUSLY EDUCATED,
AND, UM-- THANK YOU.
AND... [SIGHS]
I DON'T KNOW.
SORT OF CHARMING
IN AN OLD-FASHIONED
KIND OF WAY.
HE HAS THE WEIRDEST
SENSE OF HUMOR.
SCRATCH THAT.
I'M NOT EVEN SURE HE HAS
A SENSE OF HUMOR. [LAUGHS]
IT'S MORE OF A...
MORE OF A SENSE OF IRONY,
REALLY.
HE GOES TO CHURCH
AND SINGS IN THE CHOIR.
HE'S VERY GENEROUS
AND FAIR AND...
HE'S STUBBORN.
[GROANS] OH, GOD!
HE IS SO STUBBORN, BECKY.
HE TALKS LIKE
HE EXPECTS US TO BE...
BETTER, SOMEHOW.
AND...
THAT'S IT.
OH, AND HE LOVES WORDS.
AND HE'S MARRIED.
HOW DID YOU KNOW?
HE WAS AT
THE DEPARTMENT MEETING.
HE WAS THE ONLY ONE
IN A SUIT,
AND HE HAD A RING
ON HIS LEFT FINGER.
YES, BUT, UH, HIS WIFE
LEFT HIM STANDING ALONE
IN FRONT OF
THE PONY EXPRESS EXHIBIT
AT THE NATIONAL POSTAL MUSEUM,
MOVED TO PARIS, AND...
DIDN'T SEND
A FORWARDING ADDRESS.
SO HE'S MARRIED
TO SOMEBODY IN PARIS.
SHANEY. SHANEY...
SHANEY, DO YOU THINK
MAYBE GOD'S TRYING
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING?
LIKE STOP GETTING HUNG UP
ON UNAVAILABLE MEN?
UH, STEVE WASN'T MARRIED.
YEAH! BUT HE WAS
NEVER GONNA GET MARRIED!
AND SOMEWHERE IN
THAT CRAZY HEART OF YOURS,
YOU KNEW THAT,
BUT YOU'D STILL BE THERE
WAITING FOR HIM TO GROW UP,
IF YOU HADN'T BEEN
TRANSFERRED TO DENVER.
THAT WAS GOOD TIMING.
YES.
WAS THAT YOU?
DID YOU
HAVE ME TRANSFERRED?
I LOVE YOU TOO MUCH
TO ANSWER THAT QUESTION.
OH! BECKY!
LET ME SAY THIS.
DON'T MAKE ME
TRANSFER YOU TO SEATTLE.
[LAUGHING]
ARE YOU REALLY
INTERESTED IN THIS GUY?
[SHANE LAUGHS]
NO.
OF COURSE NOT.
NO. WE'RE JUST FRIENDS.
-MM-HMM?
-WE'RE NOT EVEN CLOSE FRIENDS.
I DID TAKE A COUPLE
DANCE CLASSES WITH HIM...
AS A FAVOUR,
BUT I DO THINK THAT
HE IS FINALLY ADMITTING
THAT HIS WIFE
ISN'T COMING BACK,
BUT, UM, I DO SEE THAT
HE STILL HASN'T GIVEN UP HOPE.
WELL, THEN
IT'S A GOOD THING
YOU'RE NOT INTERESTED
IN HIM. RIGHT?
RIGHT.
RIGHT. ABSOLUTELY.
WELL, AT LEAST NOW
YOU RECOGNIZE
WHAT A NICE MAN
LOOKS LIKE.
STEVE WAS A JERK!
GO OUT THERE
AND FIND YOURSELF
ANOTHER OLIVER,
AN AVAILABLE ONE.
OKAY, YOU KNOW,
I'M NOT REALLY SURE
THERE IS SUCH A THING.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I-I KNOW YOU'RE RIGHT.
I HAVE GOT TO GET BACK
INTO CIRCULATION.
AND, OH, WOW!
I'VE GOTTA
GET BACK TO WORK.
OH, NO, NO, YOU GO ON.
I'LL JUST
TAKE CARE OF THE CHECK.
THANK YOU!
-OH, THIS WAS FUN.
-IT WAS GREAT.
YEAH,
IT WAS REALLY GREAT.
AND, UM, I'LL SEE YOU LATER?
YES, YOU WILL.
-I'LL SEE YOU LATER.
-OKAY.
OLIVER!
IT WAS, UM...
VERY UNGENTLEMANLY
OF ME TO REMAIN HERE
WHERE I COULD OVERHEAR
YOUR CONVERSATION.
ON THE OTHER HAND, UM...
IT WOULD HAVE BEEN
JUST AS UNGENTLEMANLY OF ME
TO STAND
AND MAKE MY PRESENCE KNOWN,
THEREBY...
EMBARRASSING
MS. McINERNEY.
I WAS CAUGHT
IN SOMETHING OF A QUANDARY.
[CHUCKLES]
YOU REALLY DO
TALK LIKE THAT.
[CHUCKLES WEAKLY]
I WON'T SAY A WORD.
AND FOR WHAT IT'S WORTH?
THAT CHICK IN PARIS
WAS CRAZY TO LEAVE YOU.
[♪]
[SIGHING HEAVILY]
AND SHE NEVER KNEW
HIS LAST NAME BECAUSE--
BECAUSE IT HAD
TOO MANY SYLLABLES!
OH! YOU TOLD HER
THAT ALREADY.
OH, THE GUITAR'S NAME
IS "DAISY."
WHAT ELSE?
WELL, SHE DIDN'T THINK
THAT HE HAD A GIRLFRIEND,
BUT SHE THOUGHT LYNDA
WANTED TO BE
BECAUSE SHE WAS FLIRTING
WITH HIM THAT NIGHT.
THERE IS SOMETHING ABOUT GUYS
THAT WRITE SONGS
AND PLAY THE GUITAR, I GUESS.
YEAH.
"MAYBE THERE'S A REASON
THAT LIFE JUST SEEMS SO HARD,
"MAYBE THERE'S A WHY
FOR ALL THE SORROW,
"SOMETIMES
"I CAN LEAVE BEHIND
"THE DAYS
THAT BROKE MY SPIRIT
"WHEN I TELL MYSELF
YOU'RE WAITING THERE
TOMORROW."
[TAKES A DEEP BREATH
AND SIGHS WISTFULLY]
I MEAN, WHO WOULDN'T
FALL IN LOVE
WITH A GUY WHO FELT
STUFF THAT DEEPLY?
MAYBE HE WAS REALLY UGLY.
SOME OF OUR GREATEST POETS
WERE NOT HANDSOME MEN, NORMAN,
AND YET THEY SEDUCED WOMEN
WITH THEIR WORDS.
WELL, THERE YOU ARE.
WE WERE ABOUT TO
CALL OUT THE CAVALRY.
THAT WAS SOME THINKING
YOU MUST'VE DONE THIS MORNING.
YES. IT WAS.
AND?
AND ONCE AGAIN,
SADLY, YOUR CURIOSITY
SHALL NOT BE SATISFIED.
HOW WAS
THE DEPARTMENT MEETING?
QUITE ENLIGHTENING.
THERE WILL BE A VISITING ENVOY
FROM WASHINGTON
SPENDING A WEEK OR SO WITH US.
YES. I KNOW.
SHE IS AN OLD FRIEND OF MINE.
I KNOW.
I SAW HER AGAIN LATER,
AT THE MAILBOX GRILLE.
SO.
WHERE DO WE STAND
WITH OUR MYSTERIOUS SONG?
WELL, WE'RE NOT MUCH
CLOSER THAN WHEN WE STARTED,
BUT WE DO HAVE
A PARTIAL NAME
AND FORMER EMPLOYMENT.
AND I SPOKE TO THE BANDS
THAT USED TO RECORD
AT DEEP ROCK SOUND.
THEY REMEMBERED HIM
AND THOUGHT HE WAS A GREAT GUY,
BUT NOBODY KNOWS
WHAT HAPPENED TO HIM.
OH. AND THE COWBELL GUY SAID...
THAT IF WE FIND BILLY,
TO TELL HIM THAT HE HAS
A STANDING OFFER
TO BUY HIS MOTORCYCLE.
RIGHT.
SO BILLY RIDES A MOTORCYCLE.
AN OLD ONE.
VINTAGE.
THAT MIGHT
OFFER US SOMETHING.
MS. McINERNEY,
DON'T VINTAGE VEHICLES USUALLY
HAVE "VINTAGE"
LICENSE PLATES?
IT'S A LONG SHOT, BUT...
BUT WE CANNOT GIVE UP HOPE.
[KEYS CLACKING]
[REBECCA SINGING OVER BILLY]:
♪ TO SEE...
♪ LOOK AT ME
♪ SOMETHING GOOD
♪ SOMETHING STRONG
♪ TELLS ME
THAT I... ♪
THAT'S THE SIXTH TIME
SHE'S LISTENED
TO THAT TODAY.
WELL, THAT JUST SHOWS YOU.
BILLY WROTE A HIT.
HOW ARE WE DOING,
MS. McINERNEY, HMM?
WELL, I FOUND
A MOTORCYCLE
LICENSE PLATE LISTED TO
A "BILLY JAMES ANTONOPOULOS."
OH! YEAH.
TOO MANY SYLLABLES.
BUT THE REGISTRATION
HASN'T BEEN PAID IN A YEAR,
SO I'M RUNNING
A SEARCH TO CHECK FOR
OUTSTANDING WARRANTS,
ANY STOLEN... OH. OH, NO.
WHAT?
BILLY'S MOTORCYCLE
WAS INVOLVED
IN AN ACCIDENT,
OVER A YEAR AGO.
I'M GONNA RUN A SEARCH
FOR HOSPITAL ADMISSION RECORDS.
MAYBE REHAB
AND OUTPATIENT CENTERS.
I CAN'T HELP
BUT THINK
THIS STRETCHES THE LIMITS
OF LEGALITY, MS. McINERNEY.
YES, BUT, UH...
I DIDN'T HEAR THAT. [SNIFFS]
I THINK I CAN AUTHORIZE
EXTREME MEASURES
IF IT PROVIDES...
"AWARENESS, GOODWILL
AND INCREASED RELIANCE ON
THE WORK OF THE POST OFFICE."
YOU CAN SEE WHY WE'RE SUCH
GOOD FRIENDS NOW, RIGHT?
MM.
MS. STARKWELL?
IS IT TRUE
THAT YOU USED TO
RUN TOURS
THROUGH THE NATIONAL
POSTAL MUSEUM?
WHEN I WAS AN INTERN
IN THE EXECUTIVE PROGRAM.
HAVE YOU BEEN?
NO. BUT OLIVER HAS!
THAT'S WHERE
HIS W-W-W-- UM...
IT IS SOMETHING
I SHALL NEVER FORGET.
RITA? UH...
DID, UM,
DID YOU TELL REBECCA
ABOUT YOUR IDEAS
FOR THE MISS SPECIAL DELIVERY
EVENING GOWN?
OH! YEAH! OKAY.
SO HERE'S WHAT I'M THINKING--
UM, BLUE TAFFETA
WITH SILVER POCKETS
DOWN THE SIDES
TO SYMBOLIZE THE SLOTS
ON THE POST OFFICE WALL,
YOU KNOW, LIKE, UM,
"LOCAL," "DOMESTIC,"
"INTERNATIONAL."
"BULK."
OH! OKAY.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING.
BILLY JAMES ANTONOPOULOS,
AGE 26,
WAS ADMITTED TO SOUTH DENVER
MEMORIAL HOSPITAL EMERGENCY
A YEAR AGO...
OH.
WOW. AHEM.
UH... HE'S STILL THERE.
UH, PARDON ME.
WE'RE LOOKING
FOR BILLY ANTONOPOULOS?
HE'S OVER THERE
BY THE WINDOW,
PLAYING CHECKERS.
GREAT. THANK YOU.
[♪]
PARDON US.
MR. ANTONOPOULOS?
HI. WE'RE FROM THE UNITED STATES
POSTAL SERVICE.
WE'RE ATTEMPTING TO RETURN
THIS "UNATTACHED ITEM"
TO THE ORIGINAL SENDER.
THIS WAS
SOMETHING I SENT?
YES. UNFORTUNATELY,
IT WAS SEPARATED
FROM THE ENVELOPE
AND IT WAS NEVER SENT ON
TO LOS ANGELES.
I'M SORRY.
I DON'T REALLY KNOW
WHAT YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
I'M BILLY'S SISTER,
KELLY.
BILLY WAS IN
A MOTORCYCLE ACCIDENT
ABOUT A YEAR AGO,
AND THERE ARE A LOT OF PARTS
FROM HIS PAST
THAT HE'S STILL
A LITTLE FUZZY ON.
WE WERE VERY SORRY
TO HEAR ABOUT
YOUR ACCIDENT.
BELIEVE ME, SO WAS I.
YOU KNOW, THERE'S A LOT
I'VE FORGOTTEN FROM
AROUND THE TIME
IT HAPPENED.
MAYBE THIS WAS
ONE OF THOSE THINGS.
HEY, UH, WOULD YOU
LIKE TO HEAR IT?
SURE. WHY NOT?
UM, I HAD A SECOND COUSIN
THAT COULD ONLY COMMUNICATE
USING WORDS TO SONGS
BY BARRY MANILOW.
I'M AFRAID
I DON'T REMEMBER
WHO THAT IS,
EITHER.
[CLICK]
[♪]
♪ TELL ME THERE'S REASON
LIFE CAN BE SO HARD ♪
♪ MAYBE THERE'S A WHY
FOR ALL THE SORROW ♪
♪ SOMETIMES
I CAN LEAVE BEHIND ♪
♪ THE DAYS THAT BROKE
STOP. STOP. TURN IT OFF.
I DON'T KNOW WHO THAT IS.
I-I DIDN'T WRITE THAT SONG.
I'VE--
I'VE NEVER HEARD IT BEFORE.
UM...
-KELLY?
-IT'S OKAY.
IT'S OKAY.
[♪]
WELL, THAT WAS
DEFINITELY HIS VOICE.
AND IT WAS
GONNA BE A HIT?
LYNDA HAWKINS
THOUGHT SO.
AND HE HAS NO IDEA.
HE WAS
IN I.C.U. FOR WEEKS,
AND, UH,
HE'S BEEN HERE EVER SINCE.
OUR PARENTS ARE GONE
AND I DO WHAT I CAN, BUT, UM...
[SIGHS]
WHAT DO THE DOCTORS
SAY ABOUT HIS MEMORY?
WHAT DOCTORS
ALWAYS SAY.
TO "WAIT AND SEE.
BE PATIENT."
THAT SOMEDAY,
SOMETHING WILL CLICK.
BUT IT NEVER HAS,
AND HE JUST KEEPS GETTING SADDER
AND MORE LOST.
THE OTHER DAY,
HE EVEN LOOKED AT ME
AND ASKED
IF HE HAD EVER BEEN IN LOVE,
AND IT JUST BROKE MY HEART,
BECAUSE I THINK HE HAD.
WE ARE VERY SORRY
TO HAVE UPSET HIM.
IT'S OKAY.
IT HAPPENS A LOT.
THEY SAY IT'S PART
OF THE HEALING PROCESS,
BUT I JUST
CAN'T HELP WONDERING
IF HE'LL REALIZE
HOW MUCH HE'S LOST--
THE MUSIC, THE GIRL...
EVEN THE GUITAR.
[♪]
[SHANE]:
WHAT DID YOU SAY, RITA?
SHE KEPT IT
IN A SPECIAL CABINET.
NOT WITH STUFF
OTHER PEOPLE LEFT BEHIND.
AND SHE KEPT IT
POLISHED.
AND SHE WANTED
TO KNOW IF
THE SONG
ON THE CD WAS--
"BEAUTIFUL."
WAIT. AND YOU SAID
THAT SHE REMEMBERED
THE EXACT DAY
THAT HE LEFT?
MM-HMM.
WHY WOULD SHE DO THAT?
OH, MY GOSH!
SHE WAS
IN LOVE WITH HIM!
[OLIVER]: OH, ISN'T THAT
A BIT OF A STRETCH?
A WOMAN KEEPS A GUY'S GUITAR
IN A CLOSET,
AND ALL OF A SUDDEN,
THEY'RE IN LOVE?
OLIVER,
DO YOU PLAY CHECKERS?
ON OCCASION.
GREAT! YOU TWO,
BACK TO THE REHAB CENTER.
RITA AND I
WILL SEE YOU LATER.
[♪]
-HMPH.
-YEAH.
SO YOU FOUND HIM?
YES, WE DID,
BUT THERE'S...
I SUPPOSE HE WANTS
HIS GUITAR BACK.
BUT YOU'D THINK
HE WOULD HAVE
COME FOR IT HIMSELF.
[SHANE]: JENNIFER...
ALL WE'RE SUPPOSED TO DO
IS DELIVER
WHAT GETS PUT IN THE MAIL,
BUT SOMETIMES,
WHEN WE DO,
THINGS GETS A LITTLE
MORE COMPLICATED THAN THAT,
AND I'M THINKING THAT
THIS IS ONE OF THOSE TIMES.
DO YOU THINK THAT
BILLY COULD'VE
BEEN IN LOVE WITH YOU?
MAYBE.
THAT NIGHT,
I ALMOST FOUND OUT.
[BILLY STRUMMING SOFTLY]
[♪]
WELL, IT'S NOT ALL THERE YET.
IT'S MISSING SOMETHING.
WELL, SING IT FOR ME.
MAYBE I CAN HELP.
I DON'T WANT YOU TO HEAR IT
UNTIL IT'S FINISHED.
THIS IS A RECORDING STUDIO.
I HEAR UNFINISHED SONGS
ALL THE TIME.
WELL, NOT THIS ONE.
NOT TILL IT'S READY.
READY FOR WHAT?
FOR YOU.
WELL, I CAN'T WAIT
TO HEAR IT.
NOBODY EVER BELIEVED IN ME
LIKE YOU.
I DO, BILLY.
[♪]
YOU ARE NOT
GONNA BELIEVE THIS,
BUT A BAND JUST CALLED,
THEY'RE ON TOUR,
AND THEY WANNA BOOK
THE WHOLE PLACE
FOR THE REST OF THE NIGHT,
AND THEY'RE BIG-TIME, TOO.
[♪]
LET'S SET UP, BILLY.
WE'VE GOT
A LONG NIGHT AHEAD OF US.
[♪]
THE SONG
HE RECORDED THAT NIGHT,
I THINK WAS THE SONG
THAT HE WROTE FOR ME,
BUT I NEVER GOT TO HEAR IT.
[♪]
I TOOK ONE LOOK AT HIM
SINGING WITH LYNDA HAWKINS
IN THAT STUDIO
AND I WAS SO HAPPY FOR HIM...
[♪]
BUT I COULDN'T STAND THERE
AND JUST WATCH IT HAPPEN.
WATCH WHAT HAPPEN?
THE BIG BREAK.
[ENGINE ROARS]
I DIDN'T TELL YOU EVERYTHING
ABOUT THE LAST TIME
I SAW BILLY.
HE CAME BACK
ONE MORE TIME.
[♪]
HEY. DID YOU
FORGET SOMETHING ELSE?
YEAH.
I CAN'T LEAVE YOU HERE.
I'M OKAY.
I GOTTA STAY AND CLOSE UP.
WELL...
I'M NOT
GOING TO THE PARTY, THEN.
BILLY,
YOU HAVE TO GO.
YOU'VE BEEN WORKING HERE,
HOPING FOR YOUR BIG BREAK.
THIS IS IT.
THIS IS HOW IT HAPPENS.
THE BAND COMES THROUGH
ON TOUR,
THEY INVITE YOU TO A PARTY,
AND THEN YOU TRAVEL ON THE BUS
WITH THE HEADLINER,
AND BEFORE YOU KNOW IT...
YOU'RE THE BIG HEADLINER.
A CHANCE LIKE THAT
DOESN'T WALK THROUGH
THE FRONT DOOR EVERY DAY,
SO YOU GOT TO TAKE IT.
JEN, IT'S JUST A PARTY.
NO, IT ISN'T, BILLY.
IT'S A CROSSROADS.
AND WE BOTH KNOW
WHERE YOU'VE GOTTA GO.
I WANT YOU TO GO.
[SIGHS RELUCTANTLY]
OKAY.
BUT I WILL SEE YOU
TOMORROW.
OKAY. I'LL BE HERE.
[JENNIFER]: I JUST ASSUMED
HE WENT TO THE PARTY,
GOT THE BIG BREAK.
AND WHEN HE DIDN'T COME BACK
THE NEXT DAY,
I TOLD MYSELF
HE'D MADE THE RIGHT DECISION.
[ENGINE IDLING]
[REVS ENGINE]
[TIRES SQUEALING]
[♪]
JENNIFER, IF YOU COULD
HEAR THAT SONG,
YOU WOULD KNOW
THAT HE WAS IN LOVE WITH YOU.
HE SINGS ABOUT SOMEONE
WHO BELIEVED IN HIM,
SOMEONE WHO GAVE HIM STRENGTH.
THAT HAD TO BE YOU.
IF IT WAS,
THEN WHY DID HE LEAVE?
HE DIDN'T LEAVE.
HE JUST...
FORGOT.
DO YOU
HAVE ANY FOURS?
OHH! I CAN'T
BELIEVE THIS.
THAT'S THE FIFTH GAME
I'VE LOST.
AND I'M THE ONE WITH
THE TRAUMATIC BRAIN INJURY.
COME ON!
WELL, AT LEAST YOU HAVE
YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR.
ACTUALLY, I HAVEN'T LAUGHED
IN A LONG TIME.
SO, YOU FOUND
YOUR SENSE OF HUMOR
AND YOUR SONG ALL IN ONE DAY.
NOT BAD.
YEAH.
I THINK HE MIGHT'VE FOUND
SOMETHING ELSE, TOO.
BILLY, LOOK.
IT'S...
IT'S DAD'S GUITAR,
IT'S DAISY.
[SHANE]: AND BILLY...
THIS IS JENNIFER.
I THINK
I'M SUPPOSED TO KNOW YOU.
BEFORE YOUR ACCIDENT,
WE WERE...
REALLY GOOD FRIENDS
AT THE STUDIO
WHERE YOU, UM,
LEFT THIS GUITAR.
[♪]
I'M SORRY, I DON'T...
[SIGHS]
BUT I GET
THESE FLASHES SOMETIMES
AND I KNOW
IT'S WEIRD, BUT...
I REMEMBER MUSIC
EVERY TIME I SMELL CHINESE FOOD.
-[LAUGHING]
-DOES THAT MAKE SENSE?
NO, WE, UM, WE ATE
AN AWFUL LOT OF THAT.
OKAY!
I-I GOT SOME
FOR US
THE NIGHT THAT
YOU LEFT, BUT, UM...
WELL...
WOW, I REMEMBER THAT!
YOU WERE GOING TO SING
THAT TO ME,
BUT WE GOT... INTERRUPTED.
[KELLY]:
SO YOU'RE THE ONE.
I'M SORRY?
BILLY WROTE
A SONG AT MY HOUSE.
HE SAID IT WAS
HIS FIRST LOVE SONG,
AND HE WANTED
TO PLAY IT FOR "HER"
WHEN THE TIME WAS RIGHT.
BUT YOU DON'T REMEMBER...
I DON'T.
BUT...
THE DAY
THE ACCIDENT HAPPENED,
YOU MADE A U-TURN.
THAT'S RIGHT,
AND YOU SAID THAT
IF HE CHANGED HIS MIND,
HE COULD ALWAYS...
COME BACK FOR
SOME CHINESE FOOD.
BILLY, I THINK
YOU WERE GOING TO
PLAY HER YOUR SONG.
THE ONE
I DON'T REMEMBER?
SOMETIMES, YOUR HEART REMEMBERS
WHAT YOUR MIND FORGETS, BILLY.
YOU ALWAYS SAID THAT
WHEN YOU PLAYED DAISY,
IT MADE YOU REMEMBER
WHO YOU ARE.
OKAY. LET'S TRY.
[BEGINS STRUMMING
TENTATIVELY]
[REMEMBERING THE MELODY]
[♪]
♪ TELL ME
THERE'S A REASON ♪
♪ THAT LIFE
CAN BE SO HARD ♪
♪ MAYBE THERE'S A WHY
♪ FOR ALL THE SORROW
♪ SOMETIMES
I CAN LEAVE BEHIND ♪
♪ THE DAYS
THAT BROKE MY SPIRIT ♪
♪ WHEN I TELL MYSELF
♪ YOU'RE WAITING THERE
TOMORROW ♪
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW?
DON'T YOU KNOW? ♪
♪ I WAKE UP EVERY MORNING
♪ 'CAUSE YOU BELIEVE IN ME
[STOPS ABRUPTLY]
THAT WAS YOU, RIGHT?
IT STILL IS.
DO YOU WANNA...
KEEP GOING?
YEAH.
IF YOU WANNA STAY
AND LISTEN.
YEAH.
♪ SOMETHING GOOD
♪ SOMETHING STRONG
♪ SOMETHING TELLS ME
♪ THAT I BELONG
♪ WITH...
♪ WITH YOU
♪ DON'T YOU KNOW?
♪ YOU'RE THE ONLY REASON
FOR THE SHOW ♪
♪ FOR THE SHOW
[♪]
THAT WAS
REALLY COOL.
I THINK
I'M GONNA CRY.
OKAY.
WELL, I GUESS YOU WERE
RIGHT, MS. McINERNEY.
HE WAS IN LOVE
WITH JENNIFER, HMM?
AND YOU WERE ALSO
RIGHT, MR. O'TOOLE.
A BOX OF JUNK ISN'T
ALWAYS A BOX OF JUNK.
OH, YES.
WELL, YOU SHOULD SEE
OUR BOX OF
UNIDENTIFIED SHOES.
THAT WAS A JOKE.
I'M WORKING ON
MY SENSE OF HUMOR.